I've been developing software in C# since version 1. When I started reading C# in Depth 3rd, I wondered how much I would learn. I knew the language pretty well before I started. But I was very pleased with how much I got out of it.
This is not a book for someone looking to learn C# for the first time. Skeet rushes past most of the elementary things about the language and dives write into the interesting bits. It covers the parts of the language that novices can get by without, but that experts use to implement elegant solutions.
One of the things that makes the book great is Skeet's obvious enthusiasm for the subject. Learning is more fun when the teacher is passionate about the subject. Skeet clearly loves this topic. For example, in the opening to the chapter on the new async/await functionality he says "I've been playing with async/await for about two years now, and it still makes me feel like a giddy schoolboy." He also says "To achieve the proper effect, please read this chapter in an overexcited mental voice. Hopefully I'll infect you with my enthusiasm for the feature along the way." His passion makes the entire book fun to read.
Another thing that makes the book great is Skeet's obvious expertise (as demonstrated by his dominance of the Stack Overflow leader board.)  Every topic that is covered is explained clearly. And some of the topics that are covered are the deepest darkest corners of the language. 
The book starts with a fascinating look at how the language has evolved. It goes through multiple code examples and shows how each would have been written in the various versions of the language. This gives a very clear picture of how the language has improved over the years and how the new features fit into the language.
The main reason I wanted to read the book was the chapter on async / await. This is the big feature in the latest release of the language and it is a hugely useful tool. The book did a great job of not just explaining how the keywords work, but also when and why to use them.
I highly recommend this book for any experienced C# developer. I gave me a deeper understand of the language features in C#1 and C#2 that I have been using for years. It helped me learn about so the language features C#3 and C#4 that I hadn't quite had time to master. And it taught me everything I wanted to know about C#5.
